come on our baby gawe with nannies in
attendance is preparing for her very
first bath when you're just a few days
old everything is an adventure
this is right on the edge you're not
careful you're gonna fall in baby
careful careful careful careful sit easy
it's one way to do she's fine
anything Weaver can do oh I didn't do as
well in comparison to Goa Weaver is
looking strong and confident so much so
she's taking the hard way out of the
water haul up you come you can do it you
can do it
Wendy lends a helping trunk the help was
that hindrance no that's help in times
of real need the nannies are still there
for her that is lovely to see Luke she's
getting crowded Rowan by other elephants
we see that she's struggling a little
bit
he's just helping her oh it's a trunk
coming down that's really wonderful you
know what that's a testament to how much
Weaver has come on he's pushing herself
she's testing her abilities she's back
on dry land
now it scours tournament
oops oh I think you've come up too soon
that baby's gonna struggle
whoa she's almost a used to place me
Brahmi I become come on Bobby come come
on come on come on come on Oh
at this age she has limited energy
reserves quickly she's overwhelmed with
exhaustion
baby elephants can perish and stuck in
the mud
I had sat down on the munchies
she's really tired
the adult members of this herd sometimes
lack the experience to deal with
problems
normally herds are led by an older
matriarch who would know how to get
dower out of this maze
benjamin has to show them the easy way
out just trying to encourage them out
okay Benj is just gonna go ahead and see
if and push them out that's the one
that's doing it yeah that's helping
definitely look she's coming out
[Music]
I could come keep coming keep coming
keep coming keep coming keep coming
[Music]
it's ridiculous look at her hand that is
one very happy very muddy baby elephant
[Music]
you